sub: 20 num: Physics
sub: 21 num: Physics
sub: 22 num: Physics
sub: 23 num: Physics
sub: 24 num: Physics
sub: 25 num: Physics
sub: 1 num: Physics
sub: 2 num: Physics
sub: 3 num: Physics
sub: 4 num: Physics
sub: 5 num: Physics
sub: 70 num: Physics
sub: 3L num: Physics
sub: 4L num: Physics
sub: 5L num: Physics
sub: 25L num: Physics
sub: 3A num: Mathematics
sub: 3B num: Mathematics
sub: 4A num: Mathematics
sub: 4B num: Mathematics
sub: 6A num: Mathematics
sub: 6B num: Mathematics
sub: 1A num: Chemistry
sub: 1B num: Chemistry
sub: 2A num: Chemistry
sub: 2B num: Chemistry
sub: 49 num: Chemistry
sub: 54 num: Chemistry
sub: A num: Physics
sub: 101 num: Physics
sub: 100B num: Physics
sub: 104 num: Physics
sub: 105B num: Physics
sub: 110A num: Physics
sub: 110B num: Physics
sub: 115A num: Physics
sub: 115B num: Physics
sub: 115C num: Physics
sub: 119A num: Physics
sub: 127AL num: Physics
sub: 128AL num: Physics
sub: 134L num: Physics
sub: 142L num: Physics
sub: 143L num: Physics
sub: 144L num: Physics
sub: 145L num: Physics
sub: 199 num: Physics
